---
path: "/blog/we-have-lift-off"  
date: "2020-04-12"  
title: "Blog goes 🚀"  
slug: "we-have-lift-off"
summary: "Finally, the day has come that the blog is launched!"  
tags: []  
image: "/images/we have lift off - blog launched.jpg"
read_minutes: "1"
type: "blog_post"
---
Finally, the day has come that I say "no more!" to the blog's codebase, this branch is done!

It's been a while since I said I'm working on a blog, but working on it on the side, while fighting my inner perfectionist, I finally did enough to be happy with an MVP version.

That's why I appreciate your feedback, and please let me know if you see any issues, because this blog is not yet finished from the development perspective.

I created this blog because I wanted to reach more people. I've been focusing mostly on Instagram, and later doing some YouTube, but I'm hoping that people looking on Google can stumble here.

Another reason why I decided to create this blog is because I wanted to try [Gridsome](https://gridsome.org/), so the perfect pilot project was a blog!

I plan to post about my developer journey here, but not as frequently as I do on my Instagram, of course.

I also want to post technical / tutorial posts mostly about web development topics such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/), [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) and maybe some [Laravel](https://laravel.com/). That's my main tech stack after all.

Anyways, this is just the introduction, and I hope I get to see you here another time. Please subscribe to my newsletter in the footer so that you will be notified about future posts, otherwise, how can I ever see you here again you magnificent human?!